Enhancement to README file (#1526)
data-prep-kit/data-prep-kit: README.md

Reviewer: Please remove the twisty for the table.

Author: > Please remove the twisty for the table.

Done.

## Features <a name = "features"></a>

- The kit provides a growing set of [modules/transforms](#table) targeting laptop-scale to datacenter-scale processing.

> - The data modalities supported _today_ are: Natural Language, Code, and Image (added in Nov. 2025). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The data modalities supported _today_ are: Natural Language, Code, and Image. 
```

- The modules are built on common frameworks for Python, Ray and Spark runtimes for scaling up data processing.

> - The kit provides a framework for developing custom transforms for processing Parquet files. Support to include ZIP, NDJSON, and JSON formats in addition to Parquet was added in Nov. 2025. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The kit provides a framework for developing custom transforms for processing Parquet files as well as ZIP, NDJSON, and JSONL file formats. 
```

> - The kit uses [Kubeflow Pipelines](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/pipelines/v1/introduction/)-based [workflow automation](kfp/doc/simple_transform_pipeline.md). In Nov. 2025, Kubernetes deployment YAMLs for [Tekton](https://tekton.dev/) were introduced, simplifying pipeline composition without relying on the Kubeflow Pipelines (KFP) infrastructure.

Reviewer: I am thinking there is no need to mention KFP anymore. Let's just say something along this line:
The kit provides example on how a single transform can be depolyed on K8s as a python or as a ray job. In addition, when multiple transforms aer deployed in a sequence, the kit uses teuton pipelines...

Author: @touma-I I think with so much KFP code in the repo, it is too drastic not to mention KFP at all. I suggest "softening" this by saying something like:
The kit has been using KFP (reference) for workflow automation (reference). However, it now provides examples of how a single transform can be deployed on Kubernetes clusters as a Python or a Ray job. Additionally, when multiple transforms are deployed in a sequence, the kit uses Tekton (reference) pipelines.
